Development example 1: Creation of a custom MIA module
<<<<<<< HEAD
------------------------------------------------------
=======
---------------------------------

>>>>>>> 7f7a5e54dd78e118728865ba35a1f69dc2d224be
This example contains the code required to create a custom MIA module.  

Two example modules are provided:
- "ExampleModule.java" is a full, working example module which performs a variety of operations that a module may use.  These include loading images and objects from the workspace, creating new images and objects, assigning relationships between objects and creating new measurements.
- "TemplateModule.java" contains the minimum content required to create a Module, but itself doesn't perform any operations.  This file can be used as a basis for any new modules.

<<<<<<< HEAD
For the purpose of testing, a MIA workflow file ("DevEx1_CustomModules.mia") and example image ("DevEx1_ImageAndNuclei.tif") are provided which work with the example module.  To launch a copy of MIA with access to "ExampleModule", the main method in ExampleModule.java can be run.  

Introduction
------------
In MIA, each operation in a workflow is performed by a self-contained module which performs a specific task.  Examples include image loading, application of image filters, detection of objects, calculation of measurements and visualisation of results.  For a complete list of modules currently-available in MIA, please see https://mianalysis.github.io/modules.

Each module has access to all images, objects and measurements previously generated by modules earlier in the workflow.  Since MIA uses a common object format across all modules, any objects exported by a module will be supported by any downstream modules.

Documentation
-------------
The main MIA documentation can be found at https://mianalysis.github.io and the JavaDoc for MIA is available [here](https://javadoc.io/doc/io.github.mianalysis/mia).

Adding MIA as a dependency
--------------------------
MIA can be added to Maven projects using the following dependency:
```
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.github.mianalysis</groupId>
    <artifactId>mia</artifactId>
    <version>1.2.10</version>
</dependency>
```

Using a custom module in MIA 
----------------------------
Under normal operation, custom modules can be added to MIA via two different routes:
- Via a pull request on the MIA repository (https://github.com/mianalysis/mia).  This will add the module to the main MIA distribution available from the ImageJ Updater.
- As a standalone .jar file added to the "plugins" folder of a copy of Fiji.  This will be automatically detected when MIA launches and included in the list of available modules.
=======
For the purpose of testing, a MIA workflow file ("DevEx1_CustomModules.mia") and example image ("DevEx1_ImageAndNuclei.tif") are provided which work with example module.  To launch a copy of MIA with access to "ExampleModule", the main method in ExampleModule.java can be run.  

Under normal operation, custom modules can be added to MIA via two different routes:
- Via a pull request on the MIA repository (https://github.com/mianalysis/mia).  This will add the module to the main MIA distribution available from the ImageJ Updater.
- As a standalone .jar file added to the "plugins" folder of a copy of Fiji.  This will be automatically detected when MIA launches and included in the list of available modules.
>>>>>>> 7f7a5e54dd78e118728865ba35a1f69dc2d224be
